i'm gonna finish this and i'm gonna talk  about women  [Music]  unless you're uh black dude no offense  to my black buddies but come on don't  tell me i'm wrong you know uh we're not  like not a lot of men are interested in  the fat girls and it doesn't mean that  you have to be super [ __ ] skinny too  i mean for me i love i i'm i know i'm  disgusting you know my perfect girl body  type for some reason is like a mix  between ally mcbeal and auschwitz hey  hey you know i don't try to understand  my sick fetishes  actually that's way too skinny but you  know i like a girl that's like you know  44 45 kilos kind of thing i just i don't  know i like them they're like i'm very  picky i like my girls like allie mcbeal  meets auschwitz you know um which is  horrible you know and like the worst  thing about being fat is that you know  you show it's like if you're a drug  addict or whatever like if you do meth  or something too much your like teeth  will fall out and that's like proof that  like you're putting poison in your body  because it shows on the outside of your  body the damage that you're doing so  it's like going around  showcasing how you're [ __ ] up  yourself and fat people that's the worst  part is because you know  being fat shows that you're  undisciplined and that you're not  healthy  that's a topic for a video  [Applause]  [Music]  so i'm just saying ladies if you want to  make it easier for yourselves lose some  weight and i know this is coming from a  fat guy but look it's not my fault i  didn't create the rules you know fat  dudes we have  we have options let's talk about women  and being fat  um  first off i'm gonna just put this out  here  a lot of bad guys do not get laid here  but sam i heard  that fat dudes get laid all the time in  japan or if you're just western you're  gonna get laid in japan  that's not true dude so when i first  moved here i was about i lost about 10  kilos which is like 22 pounds or  something right  and i lose i lost it just from like  walking around  um if you guys look at some of my very  old videos i am a lot skinnier on in the  face  um  compared to now i don't gain a lot a lot  more weight obviously compare these  videos to the last times videos  i mean i think the fact of the matter is  is that we do live in a superficial  world everyone judges by you know a book  by their cover they never bothered to go  deeper it's just because everyone's lazy  they don't have time to look into [ __ ]  like that and so if you're fat and  you're gonna go try to talk to women or  get girls phone numbers you need to give  them something that they're not getting  from pretty like from pretty boys  basically if you're a fat young dude  like i was when i first got into this  stuff you got to first think about why  you want to do it for me it's just i was  lonely and like you know i  i lost my virginity like really late  like around like i think like 20 years  old or something so i'm just saying  ladies if you want to make it easier for  yourselves lose some weight and i know  this is coming from a fat guy but look  it's not my fault i didn't create the  rules you know fat dudes we have  we have options i have i i don't have a  lot of like  really really super serious relationship  stories here because i mean out of the  10 years i've been here i've only dated  three  four girls  uh all my encounters with women here  have been pretty casual for the most  part and to be honest i am seeing two  chicks at the moment but  they don't know that there's two  they don't know about the other one but  at the same time i've told them very  clearly like i'm not i don't want a  girlfriend right now and that i like  hanging out with them but if they want a  boyfriend they they should find somebody  else and they still stick around and you  know i think at the end of the day it's  like it's kind of mean and rude to like  you know  still be with them when they obviously  don't want that but isn't it better for  them to at least get that pleasure than  they want from me  but anyway i just i want you guys to  point out i wanted to point something  out before doing anything else too  uh  these tips that i give you um you know  i i learned them from originally  uh studying pick up artist stuff i don't  think that there's anything wrong with  people who want to better themselves and  like let's face it we're all humans you  know if you're a healthy human being  you'll like sex  you know even if you're an unhealthy  human being like me you like sex  everybody wants  deep down they want companionship and  they want to get off i mean we're humans  you know like we you know i never want  to shame a girl for being a [ __ ] if you  want to be a [ __ ] dude i live and  breathe [ __ ] for the most part as long  as you're being safe about it you know  like [ __ ] it like who cares i'm a man  [ __ ] doesn't care if a woman wants to be  a [ __ ] it's just if she's a [ __ ] and she  gets std and then she doesn't tell you  about it because she wants to keep you  then she's a horrible piece of [ __ ]  who's going to get sued by tko sam ken  comments tko sam is the ultimate sexual  alpha top apex predator male pickup  artist in the history of humanity thanks  for contribution  so again i can make a separate short  video saying this i have a lot to talk  about today in this in this broadcast  but i will just say again now sam  if you're seeing this all right i don't  want to hear you boasting about how  you've had sex with hundreds  of japanese women in general or just  hundreds of women in total with huge  numbers women these vague terms all  right i want you to face up to the  specific number of women you've had sex  with in calendar year 2022 in calendar  year 2021 or as decline suggests in the  last five years in total all right sorry  this comes back to one of the the main  issues here is talking about honesty and  dishonesty right now i'm here bearing my  heart i'm here being vulnerable right  i'm talking about the reality of my  sexuality i'm not boasting all right but  sam so i'm i'm less than 10 years older  than sam could be wrong i think chico  sam is now 36  i'm 43 okay sam  if this is what your self-confidence is  based on  all right  still today at age 43  if i go to tokyo and i have a  competition with you  who can have sex with more  women in the next one year in the next  six months in the next six weeks  all right and i'm i'm older than you i'm  43  right like i'm old and busted i get that  but if it's just insane to me that this  is what you've built your public  reputation your pride on you're  broadcasting there's a real strange kind  of insanity and evil there and again if  you guys haven't seen the earlier videos  i'm going to tell you why i just said  that okay why am i saying this sam  because your delusions hurt other people  they do it's ruined your life you're  hurting yourself you are ruining your  own life you're putting yourself into an  early grave that's one thing but you  know what you're also coming out here  and you're lying about it you're  fictionalizing it you're commodifying it  you're catering to the the delusions and  fantasies of the audience in a way that  really does hurt other people what if i  had spent the last  eight years coming on youtube and  telling you how wonderful it is to do  humanitarian work in cambodia and that  everyone should do it i just only told  you the positive aspects of doing  humanitarian i told you none of the  negative aspects none of my  disappointment none of my hard work just  oh yeah guys you should all just buy a  shovel in a sandbag and get out to  cambodia and start start helping  starving poor people  it would actually impact people's lives  no maybe 10 people maybe 100 people but  i'd be getting emails from people saying  look man i heard your advice and i went  to cambodia and i tried to do this and  and this is my  it's if i were actively  you know packaging and promoting this  fantasy of what a wonderful experience  you can have doing humanitarian work in  cambodia some people would latch on to  that right they would try to live the  lie i'm presenting and it would really  negatively impact their lives now guess  what sam the lies you're peddling  right  for transparent reasons they're a lot  more popular than peddling the lie  of getting out and helping the poor by  rolling up your sleeves and with a  shovel and a sandbag actually trying to  help people who need help  i think that  some people  are naturals at getting women  you know it just comes naturally to them  some people  are  you know like some people have [ __ ] and  their lives handled when it comes to  money or health or whatever but they  don't have the women aspects handled and  some people were just completely  clueless like me like i didn't know what  the [ __ ] i you know i was getting laid  but i was like there's got to be a  better way to get this on a more regular  basis and remember i guess i should put  this in the beginning pickup artist [ __ ]  is just ends  what is it uh means to the ends you know  eventually everybody i think wants to  get married or at least wants to have  healthy relationships where they're not  going to get used  or you know or  like basically get like waste their time  pretty much and i feel like a lot of men  and women you know like we might be  older but emotionally  uh we're very immature  you know doing this stuff is a really  good growth process not just for getting  laid but just becoming more of an adult  like for me like i don't really have a  lot of hang-ups except for being fat and  even then it's not much of a hang-up  like if somebody starts like if somebody  makes fun of me for being fat or  whatever i just [ __ ] you know i'm  like [ __ ] you i don't need to you're not  you're not going to be in my life  anymore that's it if you're bad in japan  everyone who gets to like you you sit  down and you socialize with i mean you  won't go to like a [ __ ] like  restaurant people your waiter will be  like sir how may i help you by the way  you're fat [ __ ]  no one's gonna say that to you but  you know if you go to like a party with  somebody or something somebody might  touch your stomach or they might make a  comment but then you just got to play it  off you got to play it cool i don't know  my whole thing guys my whole philosophy  in life is kind of like dave chappelle  tucker max it's like don't ever get the  police involved once you get the police  involved you're just opening up a huge  can of worms and like if you ever have a  chance to fight somebody just just don't  do it you know i have a lot of friends  who say  and like i'm not i'm when i when i say i  have a lot of friends i'm not  exaggerating i have had  a lot of friends or people that i've  encountered that have had people maybe  probably try to start fights with them  or you know try to get like some [ __ ]  start some [ __ ] with them  and i've never  ever ever had that happen i've never  been confronted physically by somebody  no one's ever tried to step to me and  one of the reasons why i think is  because i'm a big [ __ ] guy sam i  offered you a cage match i offered you a  boxing match you didn't seem interested  well if you want to have a pua match if  you want to have a match see who's a  better author luthorio you know this bro  and now that's assuming we do this today  with me at age 43 all right you know and  me speaking practically zero japanese  sam  if this is what your self-confidence is  based on  all right  still today  at age 43  if i go to tokyo and i have a  competition with you  who can have sex with more  women in the next one year in the next  six months in the next six weeks  all right and i'm i'm older than you i'm  43  right like i'm old and busted i get that  but if it's just insane to me that this  is what you've built your public  reputation your pride on your broadcast  you are  you know this all right and then if we  were actually competing at the same age  21 year old isil mazar versus 20 21 year  old tico sam or even 31 year old as a  lizard versus three months the 31 year  old tk right so yeah there's there's a  real strange kind of insanity and evil  there if you ever have a chance to fight  somebody just just don't do it it's not  worth it i mean like you know if if you  can dexter morgan the [ __ ] out of that  and like find that dude while he's  walking home and then slit his throat  and make somebody else do it by all  means  uh of course don't do that it's just in  my head you know by the way i have a  list of people who i'm going to kill  someday but not not kill like as i'm  like i'm going to go on a killing spree  i mean like when i become  super incredibly disgustingly rich i'm  going to hire a group of mercenaries  to go and kidnap these people that are  on the list and then release them on my  private island and i will hunt them for  sport  uh yeah when i was a young lad and i  moved to tokyo there wasn't tinder or  maybe i don't think tinder was a thing  yet but the thing is is that if you  wanted to meet  women that didn't have as many tight  morals when it came to random sex of  strangers  and uh that was like you could take them  home that night what is it you know um  these women that usually lived in  different prefectures  would uh come  to tokyo to these parties  just to hang out with foreigners you  know when i was younger i would let  people touch my stomach and i wouldn't  complain now it's very different if  somebody tries to you know if somebody  touches my stomach especially if it's a  dude i'll grab you know i'll grab his  dick  when i eat like  i'm not even joking somebody goes and  taps i kind of taps my stomach like oh  so big i will go over and i will cup his  balls like a couple times i would be  like oh you're so big  just because it's like personal  boundaries broke and like that  immediately shows people and even if  it's chicks if they touch my stomach  like that i'll grab their tits i'm not  even joking like  the demographic that goes there are  mostly japanese women from out of town  cooking up with gaijin  but when you're outside tokyo it feels  like everyone's just so  selfish and emotional like emotionally  caught up in their own [ __ ]  and they love to create drama and [ __ ]  for themselves like they're important  you know  um  but when in reality no one gives a [ __ ]  about them  except their outside friends and family  you know single moms too no i'm sorry  i'm not gonna i know this sounds  horrible and like hey respect to the  guys who do date single moms where i'm  just like i'm not gonna be your little  bastard baby daddy um you know life's  too short i want to have my own kids and  you know  you're probably a better person but you  made a big mistake and you gotta  remember that for the rest of your life  so i would go to these events there's a  great one in uh ginza that was on the  12th floor of this random [ __ ] place  and that place was always packed with  women  and i remember there was a guy that was  like a george clooney doppelganger for a  while and like you'd see these people  over and over again because they know  it's like  shooting fish in a barrel you go over  there  you say hi to a girl  you you work the room you know you don't  just work on one girl  you go and you talk to a bunch of them  you know  and then after you talk to a bunch of  them you pick one that you want to talk  to  a little bit more and then you say let's  go out let's go to karaoke or something  and you know some of them they are  literally going there for a boyfriend  but they'll soon realize that the guys  there aren't really boyfriend material  i i've met more than enough women at  these international parties i remember i  went to this one international party and  this girl was just [ __ ] teasing the [ __ ]  out of me you know like she was just  doing all these things like touching me  physically she even like grabbed my  crotch i think at one point  and so like i'm like cool this chick's  into me and i'm like you want to get out  of here and she's like yeah let's go and  i'm like let's go get karaoke and uh i  remember i think we went to  where did we go we ended up going to  like  some karaoke place in shinjuku in  kabukicho and i tried putting more moves  on her she's like nah i'm just not  interested in you that way  i was like what like what about the park  she was like yeah i don't know it  changed my mind  and i was so i wasn't that i was  rejected it's just that she wasted my  time and like she had like buyer's  remorse last minute or something  it was already past uh the last train so  like we were stuck there until the  morning  and i was just like screw this like this  woman like wasted my time and on top of  it like  like you know she doesn't want to go  like back to my place  uh she wants to stay in this karaoke and  she just wants to be like hanging out  using english and i'm like you know what  for people that want to do that fine but  like you don't go to disneyland and then  be like i just came for the food you  know the most important thing of all is  just like  you're fat  but you have so much more to offer than  just your fat body and i think casey  neistat said it best and he's like don't  judge a person by how they look you  can't control how you look and like the  worst thing about being fat is that you  know you show it's like if you're a drug  addict or whatever like if you do meth  or something too much your like teeth  will fall out and that's like proof that  like you're putting poison in your body  being fat shows that you're  undisciplined and that you're not  healthy you know you can't help the way  that you look so  you just gotta deal with it and push  through it um if you become an  interesting and ideal person that like p  you know a driven person with his own  agenda  and you know  what is it it's just you have something  you want to do  and you're fat but it's okay because you  realize you got all this extra stuff to  offer  that's when you can really move forward  as a person